For me particularly, I chose the Navy as a career because it seemed like
a very easy and straight forward step to begin a career. So at the
time I was just graduated from high school, I was working at McDonalds,
and you know various odd jobs, Swap Meet, a movie theater, used
to sell knives, used to sell home alarm systems, I was bouncing all
over the place. And I kept coming back to the thinking you know what,
the military is a good way to start. I knew about their money for
education, I knew about, after you do your tour you could have a really
good professional career outside of the military you know. So
these things were in the back of my mind. Unfortunately, I tried to
join in high school and my eyesight is really bad, so they had disqualified
me from joining. So I spent two years outside of high school
trying to you know make my way through community college, make my way
through various odd jobs, and it just wasn't for me. So like the
military was a good step to, I tried again and I was accepted. So that
was really step to start me off on a good career.